[Music]
now hear this
this tricky test will show you if you're
good or terrible at math well let me
save us all some time here I stink at
math but for the rest of you math
puzzles are always a great way to
determine your intellect and even
improve your logic skills today we
prepared a new set of math riddles for
you will you'll be able to find all the
missing numbers in these challenges
let's find out
riddle number one let's start with this
puzzle can you guess what the missing
number is try to come up with your
answer in 15 seconds there are no
correct options here it's either 0 or 16
this riddle has no pattern the numbers
are just jumbled up we have every number
from 1 to 15 so the only two that can be
missing are 0 and 60 riddle number 2
take a look at these 4 rhombuses in the
last one one of the numbers is missing
can you figure out what this number is
you have 15 seconds
[Music]
okay so in each rhombus multiplying the
top number by the bottom one gives us
the numbers on the left and right for
instance in the first rhombus seven
multiplied by six is 42 and that's
exactly the numbers on the left and
right the same thing works for the other
rhombuses so in the last one six
multiplied by two is 12 we already have
number one on the left which means the
correct answer is two and I don't think
I've said rhombus is so many times since
about the eighth-grade riddle number
three here we have three circles each
divided into three parts with numbers
inside of them can you determine the
pattern and figure out what the missing
number is in the last circle you have
only 15 seconds
[Music]
so do you have your answer ready look at
the numbers closely let's start with the
numbers on top the number 32 is 16 x 2
while 64 is 16 x 4 let's see whether it
will work for the left parts 24 x 2 is
48 and x 4 is 96 hey it works so to find
the missing number we should just
multiply 13 by 4 which is 52 and that's
the correct answer for you riddle number
4 one triangle has all its numbers in
place but other 2 missed the numbers on
top can you guess them try to find the
correct pattern and use it in 15 seconds
[Music]
let's start with the first triangle how
can we get 6 by adding 3 to 7 and
subtracting 4 and this is the exact
correct pattern for the second triangle
it will be 4 plus 2 minus 2 which is 4
for the third one nine plus five minus
four is ten so if you guessed four and
ten congratulations you got it right
riddle number five study the figure
below what number in your opinion is
missing here
times a-tickin well the right answer is
30 look at the other triangle there's a
number 90 in the middle if you sum all
of its corners you'll get it 50 plus 30
plus 10 equals 90 right the same
principle works for our triangle as well
because it also has 90 in the middle so
90 minus 40 minus 20 is 30 did you get
it right tell us in the comments below
[Music]
riddle number sex this is how your next
task looks like as you can see one of
the numbers in the bottom arrow is
missing you know what to do
[Music]
ready or not it's time to find out the
answer the number on the right in each
arrow is the top number divided by 2 and
x the bottom number to make it a bit
clearer in the first arrow 4 divided by
2 is 2 2 multiplied by 18 is 36 the
pattern is found now let's use it for
the arrow we need 8 divided by 2 is 4 44
divided by 4 is 11 and that's it the
right number on the bottom arrow is 11
riddle number seven four lines of
numbers 37 1082 29 11 47 96 1587 42
question mark 15 so what number should
be in the place of the question mark you
have some time to think about it 15
seconds I think
[Music]
ready or not here's an answer the
missing number is 6 the number in the
middle of each line is the same as the
digits of either ends number added
together so for the first line 3 plus 7
gives us 10 and 8 plus 2 equals 10 as
well
that's why 10 is in the middle so let's
apply the same principle for the last
line 4 plus 2 is 6 1 plus 5 is also 6
there you have it
riddle number 8 the next puzzle is
waiting for you what number is missing
here test your skills once again so this
is the correct pattern for this puzzle
check it with your numbers the number at
the bottom of each block is the sum of
the top two numbers first multiplied and
then added to one another simply for the
first block is 6 multiplied by 4 which
is 24 plus 4 added to 6 which is 10 24
plus 10 equals 34 of course this works
for each block so our number is 9 x 2
plus 2 added tonigh that's 18 plus 11
which is 29 props to you if you found
this solution but we're moving along to
your next challenge
[Music]
riddle number nine
another puzzle you have to solve look
carefully at this picture Sherlock your
task is simple try to find the missing
number in 15 seconds well I'm kind of
lost and you well here's the right
pattern an answer for this mystery if
you sum the numbers of each line you'll
get 15 for example let's take the
straight line in the middle 9 plus 5
plus 1 is 15 right
this works for diagonal lines as well
the sum of 6 5 & 4 is 15 3 5 & 7 gives
us 15 as well so the correct number here
is 2 8 plus 5 plus 2 is 15 just what we
need
riddle number tab 312 39 120 and what is
the next number in this lie let's see
whether you can crack this puzzle the
last number is 363 which is my age thank
you very much the pattern for these
numbers is multiplying the given number
by 3 and then adding 3 3 multiplied by 3
is 9 9 plus 3 is 12 and so on 120 x 3 is
360 360 plus 3 is 360 3 it's just that
easy happy birthday to me so how many of
these riddles did you get right tell us
in the comment section below don't
forget to hit the like button share this
video with your friends and subscribe to
our channel if you want to stay on the
bright side of life with us see you soon
[Music]